[Music]
nice in shining armor royal family
members sharing a cup of tea and stone
walls that remember centuries of history
this is a common idea of a palace yet
some of them are quite different as
they're made from corn snow or even
trash snow castle of chemi this gorgeous
construction that looks different every
year is located in the north of finnish
lapland
the best snow architect's have rebuilt
it annually since 1996 it covers a
whopping 200 15,000 square feet that's
about three times as big as the White
House and as towers that are about three
times as tall as a giraffe the best part
is it has a snow hotel a restaurant and
even a chapel so you can grab some warm
clothes and come here to try some
northern food and stay in a snow room
[Music]
trash Palace the Rubel castle in
Glendora California was made by Michael
Rubel out of discarded bottles
typewriters bedsprings coat hangers
trophies and whatnot Rubel made forts
out of trash as his family lived in the
city dump in 1959 he purchased a citrus
orchard and together with his friend
finished construction of his castle
almost 30 years later guests can now
visit tin Palace Museum bottle house
Santa Fe caboose clock tower dungeon and
more golden palace it cost three billion
dollars to build Emirates Palace Hotel
in Abu Dhabi UAE and it's easy to see
why all you have to do is lift up your
head the ceiling is decorated with 22
karat gold and silver leaves to keep
this beauty in good shape they spend an
extra 130 thousand dollars a year on
replacing the worn parts if you visit
make sure to try a 24 karat gold
cappuccino a gold spa treatment and get
some gold to go from a vending machine
would you like to stay at a palace like
this one let me know in the comment
section below under
Muhtar palace Cleopatra's palace went
underwater after a massive earthquake
and tsunami that happened 1400 years ago
in Egypt it was only discovered
centuries later in 1998 French
archaeologist Frank Gaudio and his team
found fantastic artifacts statues
columns pottery basins and marble floors
a lot of them were taken to museums but
it's still definitely worth a dive cliff
palace cliff palace in colorado used to
be a residential complex and now remains
the largest cliff dwelling in North
America it has around 150 legitimate
rooms that were carved out of sandstone
with wooden beams and mortar 700 years
ago wondering why the doorways look so
small well people were just shorter back
then corn palace now if you ever find
yourself in Mitchell South Dakota be
sure not to miss out on their key
tourist attraction
the locals have always been so proud of
prairie gold they first built a palace
out of corn in 1892 to prove to the rest
of the world how fertile their lands are
what you can see now is the rebuilt
version from 1921 every year they put
new corn in 13 shades to form new
beautiful murals August is probably the
most exciting time to visit this as this
is when they unveil the new decorations
during the corn palace festival Cave
Palace
predominance louvenia is the largest
cave castle in the world
that's over 800 years old what you can
see is just the surface gateway to a
network of secret cave tunnels legend
has it that the knight called air is M
of pre jhana was using this smart system
sneaking back and forth to successfully
survive a year-long siege of the castle
he was inspired by his true love of
course isn't it always the largest
palace the forbidden city of Beijing
made it to the list as the largest
palace complex in the world to give you
an idea of how large it is think of
something slightly bigger than the
entire Disneyland in California it took
14 years to complete it during Ming
Dynasty rule in the 15th century the
complex has 980 buildings with nearly
9,000 rooms the smallest palace if you
trust the dictionary definition of a
palace as a chief of state residence
then the cabin of Peter the Great in st.
Petersburg Russia
is definitely the smallest of them all
it took three days to complete this
construction the size of a regular New
York City apartment it's a mix of
traditional Russian and Dutch designs
and is now surrounded by a stone
building to keep it safe for history the
heaviest Palace the palace of the
Parliament in Bucharest Romania is made
of bronze steel crystal glass and wood
altogether these materials make it the
heaviest building in the world weighing
about five times as heavy as the Golden
Gate Bridge it's of 20,000 workers 600
architects and engineers and around 40%
of the country's gross domestic product
a year to build it inside there are
1,200 rooms the size of a football field
and chandeliers like stars the highest
Palace
the potala palace in tibet has served as
winter palace of Dalai Lama since the
seventh century not only the
construction itself looks a magnificent
with two distinct colors but also the
setting where you find it the palace
stands at 12,000 feet above sea level
in the picture aslong and now let's take
a look at the top three most amazing
palaces in the world hawa Mahal India's
palace of the winds definitely lives up
to its name it's 953 windows LED enough
air pass through and that fantastic
shade of pink comes from natural
sandstone thanks to which the whole city
of Jaipur where the palace stands is
nicknamed the pink city paint a National
Palace this real-life fairy tale Castle
is located in central portal king
ferdinand ii wanted as many styles and
colors mixed as possible and the
architect surely succeeded in this task
they say this oldest romanticist style
castle in europe inspired neuschwanstein
that later inspired walt disney's castle
at disneyland alhambra alhambra in
spanish granada started as a small
fortress on the ruins of roman
fortifications
and by the mid 14th century was
transformed into a legitimate palace
that looks like a town the best
craftsmen of the time were working on it
and you can see it in every detail
fun fact Christopher Columbus received
royal endorsements for his voyage here
where the palace served as the royal
court of Ferdinand and Isabella hey if
you learn something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life